{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red236\green186\blue254;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c92549\c72941\c99608;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww37900\viewh18280\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 I. Peace
\b0 \
\
Long, long ago, when \cb2 Our Mother the Loving Earth\cb1  was whole and perfect, there walked upon the Earth Titans and Gods. The Titans were mighty and great was their power; they possessed the strength to move mountains. The Gods were not as strong nor as big as the Titans; their power was beyond the material realm. \
\
\cb2 The Gods\cb1  were masters of life on Earth, and theirs was the job of nurture, of growth, and of care. All fruit-bearing plants were caressed and guided by their hands, and all seed-bearing plants were protected and cared for by their hands. All creatures upon the Earth were as their children.\
\
\cb2 The Titans\cb1  were the protectors and children of the Earth, and of the Earth, just as a stone is of the Earth. Thirteen they numbered, and joy glittered in their eyes when they beheld each other and all living beings. The Titans were not like the Gods; they were beings of an older time than even the Gods themselves. Despite this difference, the Gods loved the Titans and the Titans cared for the Gods.\
\
Peace and true prosperity ruled the Earth during those many eons, and Spring was endless.\
\
\'85\
\

\b II. Curse
\b0 \
\
Then, a great tragedy befell the Earth. A terrible, crimson shadow descended from a black sky. A thing immense beyond comprehension, it struck the Earth with a blow so mighty that the Mother Earth wailed in pain. The seas boiled and raged; the mountains split and the blood of the Earth poured forth; the Earth and land was struck asunder and what was once whole was separate. \
\
On that day, Evil befell Our Mother the Loving Earth, and henceforth was known as \cb2 The Sundering\cb1 . And on that day, the greatest and mightiest of the Thirteen Titans perished from this Evil.\
\
The Titans were of the Earth just as the land itself is, and so were rent by her pain and anguish.\
Losing the presence of their ancient kin coupled with the crippling of the Earth drove them to madness, and in their madness they grieved mindlessly for the land and their kin.\
\
The Gods tried to rouse the Titans, but their pleas went unheard. The Gods faced tragedy and destruction without the Titans to protect them during the time of the Sundering. The sky darkened and the earth rumbled. An unknown force had struck and landed on the Earth, and the Titans had been cursed forevermore.\
\
They fled deep into the bowels of the Earth, leaving the inhospitable surface behind.\
\
\'85\
\

\b III. Darkness\
\

\b0 . . .Time passed. . .\
\
An age came and went, and the Gods, in their seclusion, forgot who and what they were.\
\
Where once their hearts had been unstruck and pure, a shade of fear haunted their souls. \
Where once they had been blessed with long life and good health, their days grew numbered and their bodies became sick and old.\
Where once the two divine energies had been whole, they were split.\
\
The Gods fell, and in their stead stood the race of Women and Men, \cb2 The People\cb1 .\
\
The Elders of the People held the secrets and history of their fall from the Gods, and passed the lore along to each successive generation. For they knew, one day, they would have to return to the Surface or face extinction. They were slowly dying down in this Underworld, without the light of the sun to touch their skin and the fresh air of the ocean to fill their lungs.\
\
But they also remembered the tragedy that had struck so long ago, and feared the dangers and mysteries that might lurk on the Surface.\
\
Soon a time came when all the People gathered council and the Elders told how the People must leave the Underworld in order to survive. Even a story of the Surface brought yearning to the hearts of the People, so long had they been living in the dark of the Underworld, and so they all agreed they must return to the Surface or die. \
\
They made the journey back up from the Underworld to the Surface; they travelled for many days and nights through impenetrable darkness, icy coldness, and stifling heat. Some of the Elders perished along the journey. Finally, when hope was waning, the People found the Surface. The light from the sun burned their skin and stung their eyes, and the starry night sky felt exposing and vast, yet the People knew they had at last found their way back home.\
\
\'85\
\

\b IV. War
\b0 \
\
While the Gods fled to the Underworld, the Titans wandered the Surface, grieving. Where once there had been thirteen, there were only twelve.\
\
They were \cb2 The Twelve Broken\cb1 .\
\
The Earth had been transformed by the damage done to it, and a great ocean basin now lay where land had been. Centuries passed, and finally the Earth calmed from its heaving and the sun shone brightly once again. \
\
However, a fragment of the Evil was left behind from the Sundering. From this fragment emerged hideous and fearsome Martians, reptiles who stood taller than a man and could shift appearances at will. These invaders became known as Reptilians. \
\
\cb2 The Reptilians\cb1  waged war on everything beautiful and anything pure. They sucked the precious waters from the Earth; they slaughtered the vast forests; they tormented and feasted on the flesh of all animals; and they tore the land apart, erecting looming towers and clouding the air with noxious, poisonous fumes.\
\
When the Titans witnessed this, it roused them as nothing had roused them time immemorial. The Titans threw themselves against the Reptilians, as the ocean throws itself against the stone. They hurled mountains, the Earth shook, and they crushed legions of these Invaders with single blows. Steel broke against their metallic skin, and fire and frost did them no harm. \
\
The Titans were nigh invincible, and Reptilians felt hatred and fear when they viewed them\'85\
\
But the Martians were devious, clever, and above all else: evil.\
\
They laid hidden traps and used their shape-shifting abilities to confuse and ambush the Titans. They built evil machines to aid them in their war against the Titans, and performed twisted experiments to increase their power. This time was known as \cb2 The War\cb1 .\
\
The Martians had strength in numbers where the Titans did not. Having lost their mightiest companion, the Titans found themselves tiring from constant battle. And the Twelve Once Thirteen grew yet more weakened from the continued poisoning of the Earth.\
\
After centuries of brutal warfare, a Titan fell, no longer having the strength to continue. The Reptilians swarmed and bound it, and although the Titan struggled, it had been weakened and trapped and could not escape.\
\
The Titans were weary, and the future of the Earth looked bleak\'85\
\
\'85\
\

\b V. Friends\

\b0 \
The People emerged from the Underworld millennia after the Evil had first struck the Earth, not knowing what to expect.\
\
The Surface was still beautiful in most places and the People adjusted to the sun and the stars, coming to love it. \
\
But they were confused when they saw great gashes and wounds in the Earth, and did not know what to make of the shiny, distant peaks of silver. They were cautious, and for a time were unknown by both the Titans and Reptilians.\
\
The People witnessed the epic struggle between the two races, and immediately knew that the fearsome Reptilians were alien creatures, devious and without care for the earth or the animals upon it, except for themselves. The Titans they had heard of only in stories, and upon seeing them for the first time they knew them to be their lost friends, the race of giant protectors.\
\
The People also saw that the fight was going poorly for the Titans, and desired to help them.\
\
When the Titans first saw the People, they were both overjoyed and saddened. For their long-lost friends had finally returned when all seemed lost, yet they were weak as they had not been before, and had forgotten much of the knowledge they had possessed. Indeed, the Titans felt sorrow and shame for their abandonment of the People during the Sundering, and begged forgiveness of them.\
\
The People surely did not doubt the sincerity or emotion of their older friends, and forgave all past hurts. They desired now to drive away and slay the Invaders as much as the Titans themselves did, because they saw how evil the ways of the Martians were.\
\
The Titans showed the People the ancient secrets of the Earth, and of how to work with stone and metal and wood without harming the land. They showed them the ancient ways of growth and care that they had forgotten, of how to till and then replenish the Earth, and of how to commune with nature and use their dormant powers of the mind.\
\
And they showed the People the art of combat, and the martial arts they had observed from the Martians. The People found no joy in the art of war and combat, but knew it necessary to protect themselves and preserve Our Mother the Loving Earth.\
\
Time was short for both the Titans and the People, and the Titans did not have enough time to teach all that they knew of the world. Now with the support of the People, the Titans were saved from being completely overwhelmed by the Reptilians, but the fight still went poorly for the Titans and the People. The Reptilians soon learned how to mimic the shapes of the People, and sowed even more chaos and confusion in the War.\
\
The People developed a way of communicating with their minds in order to bypass the illusions of the Reptilians. The hearts of the People grew hardened, and their faces were furrowed more often than not. Joy was rare, and their children became children of combat and their Elders became Elders of war.\
\
One of their companions was still held in captivity, and the Titans felt deep in their beings that their time on their Earthly Mother would soon be coming to an end\'85\
\
\'85\
\

\b VI. Captivity\
\

\b0 Meanwhile, the Reptilians were busy in their caves and lairs; a dark and brutal desire flickered in their cold hearts as they performed twisted experiments and demented tests upon the captured Titan. Its rumbles of pain and bellows of rage shook the Earth, but the Reptilians continued their tortures unabated.\
\
The Reptilians honored status and ritual above all else, and were commanded by the thirteen members of the \cb2 Royal Family\cb1 , the ruling class of Martians. A single member of the Royal Family to a common Martian soldier was as a lion is to a lamb. They were the most powerful, the most clever, the most devious, and the most Evil, cruel-hearted of all the Reptilians. \
\
Common soldiers were bred quickly, thoughtlessly, with accelerating machines of growth. This was how the Reptilians had been winning the War; slowly draining the stamina from the Titans and countering strikes from the People. \
\
But the Royal Family was growing impatient, now that the People had emerged from the Underworld. They knew that the longer the War continued unabated, the longer the People would continue to grow in power from the secret teachings of the Titans. No matter how hard they tried, the Reptilians could not draw a single word of power from the Titan they held in captivity.\
\
Countless monsters, borne of Reptilian and Titan blood, were grown in the lairs of the Martians, each one more gruesome and fearsome than the last. But all of them perished, one after another. Some died before they reached adulthood, while others grew to adulthood, yet all were struck down by the combined forces of the People and Titans. No monster possessed anywhere near the power of a single Titan, and try as they might, the Reptilians could not create a Titan borne of Evil. The blood of the Reptilians was corrupt, and could not be fully fused with the pure blood of a Titan.\
\
The War lulled in intensity for a time, and the land lay hushed in a fragile silence.\
\
\'85\
\

\b VII. Interlude
\b0 \
\
The People, expecting the worst, doubled their defenses and treaded lightly. The Titans finally had a chance to rest, guarded as they were by the People, and gladly took it.\
\
The Reptilians retreated back to their gleaming towers of silver and the noxious, dark clouds of poison ceased.\
\
The sun rose and fell many times, and the air no longer held the screams and snarls of death. Faintly, ever so faintly, a glimmer of hope grew in the breast of the People.\
Years passed, and many wondered if the Invaders had retreated, never to return. Or were they gathering, for an even greater strike?\
\
The Titans saw this and warned the People to be careful, as they knew the sly ways of the Reptilians. They thought often of their kin in captivity, isolated and hurting in the deep Citadel of the Martians. The Titans vowed to soon rescue their companion, and slowly regained their strength.\
\
One boy grew into a strong young man during this time of uneasy peace, and his pride grew as he excelled in the skills of swordsmanship and the art of war. He yearned to test his blade in the fires of battle and let it bathe in the blood of those who had caused his People and the beloved Titans so much pain.\
\
The Reptilians were not gone, however; they had secretly and stealthily been spying on the People, and watched this young man. They took the forms small creatures and bent the light around their bodies, so they were invisible. They came one at a time, so as not to give themselves away. They saw in the young man a failing of character, a pride that ever so slightly poisoned him, and they darkly delighted in this.\
\
Soon, they saw their chance. A lone Shapeshifter of the Reptilians slipped past the perimeter of the People\'92s land and took the form of one of the young man\'92s dear friends. The Shapeshifter knew the young man\'92s failing of pride, and met him alone. It rushed with feigned excitement to the young man and told him she had spotted a Reptilian outside the perimeter. In his excitement, the young man carelessly did not mentally check to see if it was indeed his friend, as he had been trained to do. He knew that venturing outside the perimeter without permission was forbidden, yet his pride grew and grew in him until he was blinded by it.\
\
Together, he and the Shapeshifter in the form of his friend made their way towards the outside, and using all their skills, bypassed the perimeter without notice.\
\
Then, once outside the land of the People, the Shapeshifter struck.\
An ambush of Reptilians subdued him in his folly and swiftly carried him back to their lair of shadow.\
\
\'85\
\

\b VIII. Ritual\
\

\b0 The Royal Family of the Reptilians had secured the last piece to their final plan: the blood of a living human.\
\
They rejoiced and completed evil rituals and sacrifices in the darkness; great was their maliciousness and depravity. One again, the quakes of machines shook the Earth and soot from the fires of death blotted the sky. \
\
The tortured companion of the Titans, their \cb2 Captive Companion\cb1 , knew true dread when he felt the presence of the young man in the Martian\'92s Citadel of darkness. For he knew what the Reptilians planned, and he knew they had succeeded in their goal.\
\
For although the blood of the Titans was too pure to fully fuse with the blood of the Reptilians, the blood of the Gods still ran in the veins of the People. And the blood of the Gods was alike enough to the blood of the Titans to allow a full fusion. A child of God and Titan blood would possess great strength like the Titans, yet would not be wholly good, like the true Titans. This was because the Titans came from the Earth and were of the Earth, but the Gods were not of the Earth, and so weakened as the connection to their origins weakened.\
\
The Reptilians had uncovered this secret, and now planned to finally eradicated both the Titans and the People, by using their own power against them.\
\
For many moons Evil brewed heavily in the caves and black places of the Reptilians. Discordant chants to inverted, otherworldly beings were held without cease. Evil deeds of shadow were performed and twisted abominations grew in the foul chambers of the Reptilians. The Royal Family waited, patient, delighting in the demise of all that was Good.\
\
\'85\
\

\b IX. Recollections
\b0 \
\
The People knew something was wrong as soon as the young man went missing. He was the joy of many, and they knew that the uneasy peace they had endured was at an end.\
The Titans felt the dread of their kin in captivity, and they also knew that the last piece to the Reptilian\'92s plan had fallen into place. The Titans knew what the Reptilians had uncovered and they knew too this \cb2 Secret of the Blood\cb1 . During the many years of war, the Titans had shielded the people as they could and prevented a single human from being taken by the Reptilians. But now, it seemed all their efforts had been in vain. It seemed the Evil that lurked in the Citadel of shadow would soon destroy the People, the Titans, and Mother Earth herself.\
\
The Titans were sad that the world had changed so much. They were sad that they had to fight, and that they were the Twelve Broken, thirteen no more. They saw the abuse of power the Martians used in their quest for more power, and in their ancient age felt very, very tired. They missed the Earth when there were no seasons, and all creatures loved one another and did no harm to one another.\
\
But their fight was not yet over.\
\
The time had come to rescue their fallen companion.\
\
The Titans gathered the People, and told them the Secret of the Blood. They told the People the time for rest was at an end, and that they must strike now, before their adversaries had more time to gather power.\
\
And so the People prepared\'85 and the Titans imparted all the knowledge they could to the People, before the final battle.\
\
\'85\
\

\b X. Demons
\b0 \
\
The People ran, and the steps of the Titans rumbled the Earth, and the Reptilians knew that the time had come. The Reptilians prepared their defenses, and waited.\
\
Before the Citadel of shadows the People stopped, the Titans with them.\
\
All was hushed, and the wind against the cold metal of the Citadel was the only sound heard.\
\
Then, emerging from the lair of the adversaries, came \cb2 Demons\cb1 . \
Their skin shone metallic like the skin of the Titans, and their footsteps shook the Earth.\
Their eyes glowed red, and they had many arms.\
The Demons were bigger than the Reptilians, yet smaller than the Titans.\
\
When the People saw the Demons, fear grew in their minds. But they knew they fought for freedom and light and truth, and held fast. The Titans held pity in their hearts for the Demons, as they were like misguided younger siblings. But the Titans knew that there would be no mercy given, and they could afford to give none.\
\
The eleven Titans could feel their Captive Companion, and desire burned fierce in their hearts to destroy the Evil they stood before.\
\
Then, the battle began.\
\
The Titans hurled great stones they had brought with them, and the People met with the Reptilian soldiers who came to meet them. The Demons were swift and strong, and each swipe of a single claw slew a brave warrior of the People. The swords and blades of the People broke against the skin of the Demons, and they felt dismay. The spells of the People flickered and died against the body of the Demons, and they felt dismay.\
\
Then, the Titans met the Demons in combat. Humans and Reptilians stopped their battle alike to watch the fury of their fight.\
The ground heaved and exploded, the air vibrated and hummed with power, and they fought like brother against brother, sister against sister.\
\
The Demons surprised the Titans with their ferocity and power, and the Titans were hard-pressed. For each Titan, there were ten Demons. Many were the blows of the Demons against the Titans, and their claws sliced through the skin of the Titans as nothing before ever had. The Titans fought furiously, landing blows and strikes beyond mortal power against the hides of the Demons. The blood of the Titans burned the Reptilians it fell on, and shone deep purple in the light of the sun.\
\
When the battle seemed as if it would end hardly before it began, one of the Titans landed a blow upon a Demon so mighty that it fell to the Earth, defeated.\
\
When the People saw the first Demon fall, hope blossomed in their chest. They cheered and fought with renewed passion and vigor. The Reptilians grew uneasy, and the People drove them back towards the Citadel of Evil. \
\
The battle raged on and the Demons started to fall; the Titans let the thrill of battle run through their ancient veins. Now, the number of Demons had been halved, and the battle grew heavy and strained.\
\
The Titans felt the strength they had built ebbing. The Titans were few and their wounds were great, while the Demons were new to the world and full of fire. The Demons saw this and struck harder and faster, the fires of pain burning in their eyes.\
\
The People prayed and waited. The final piece of their strategy had yet to be played out.\
\
\'85\
\

\b XI. Victory
\b0 \
\
Soon, a great howl shook the Citadel; the howl of a Titan freed. The People knew then that their plan had succeeded.\
Freed by the band of warriors sent to him, Captive Companion no more, the Titan unleashed great devastation inside the Citadel.\
\
The Royal Family fled when they felt the poundings of the Titan inside the Citadel, and they knew the battle was over.\
\
The Demons felt the pullings of their masters, and fled the battle. Fewer they numbered, yet fire and hate still burned in their glowing eyes as they retreated back to the caves and lairs of the Reptilians.\
\
The People and Titans knew that victory was at hand, and vicious were the final moments of bloodshed. The Reptilians saw the Demons retreating and turned tail to run. Shouts of joy and victory were heard from the People, and the Titans howled with their pain and power.\
\
Finally, the battle had been won, and the Captive Companion had been at long last freed. Tears ran from the eyes of the Titans as they embraced their missing kin, and all wept upon seeing the reunion. The sky rained down tears of joy, and it seemed peace would finally come.\
\
The Martians and Demons had been driven below the surface, to the Underworld.\
\
Crumbling stones and twisted metal fell from the Citadel of shadow as the Titans ripped it apart, layer by layer. All the hideous chambers of experiment and torture were abolished; all the rooms of sacrifice and worship were crushed; and all that lay in shadow withered in the purging sunlight, and was ground to dust under the feet of the Titans.\
\
The Citadel crumbled, and the sun shone down to the land once again.\
\
\'85\
\

\b XII. Dawn
\b0  \
\
In the land of the People, the Titans felt their pain fully. Never had they felt the exhaustion they felt then, and never had the Earth tasted the blood of Titan.\
\
There was great celebrating in the homes of the People, and joy was abundant as it had never been abundant since the Sundering.\
After many moons of feasting and merriment, during which the Titans rested in the beautiful gardens of the People, the Titans gathered the People and spoke to them.\
\
The Titans told the people their time on the Earth had come to an end. They could not be felled by blade nor fire nor frost, but with the birth of the Demons and since the Sundering, they were thirteen no more. The Earth had been wounded, and they had been wounded. They were the Twelve Broken.\
\
They had destroyed the Citadel of the Reptilians and all the experiments that it housed, but the Demons still lived and would return one day.\
\
This they made the people know, as the Titans were ancient and knew the short memories of the People.\
\
The Martians had merged human and Titan blood, yet could no longer do so without a captive Titan, due to the nature of Titan blood. If ever a Titan was captured again, the Reptilians would birth new Demons and greater, darker things of chaos and suffering. The People begged the Titans to stay, and the hearts of the Titans hurt, for they remembered their abandonment of the Gods during the Sundering. But their minds would not be swayed.\
\
They gave to the People one final gift, so they could protect themselves from the Demons in the future.\
\
The Titans gave to them the Blood from their veins, and the Titans drew from the People the pure Blood of the Gods.\
\
Then the People forged \cb2 Twelve Blades\cb1 , each infused with the pure Blood of Titans and the pure Blood of Gods. Twelve days and twelve nights the People and the Titans labored over their craft. Finally, on dawn of the thirteenth day, the Twelve blades were finished. They would neither rust nor dull, and could only be wielded by those with the Blood of the Gods running in their veins.\
\
The Twelve Broken then built twelve great chambers beneath the Earth, so they might rest there for eternity, or until the Our Mother the Loving Earth faded to dust. The \cb2 Twelve Resting Chambers\cb1  were spaced far from each other in the Earth, and hidden from the People so as to prevent discovery by anyone or anything in the future.\
\
Memory of the Titans eventually faded from the minds of the People as decades, centuries, and many millennia passed. And memory of the Martians faded, too.\
\
The sun rose over a new age.\
\
The Age of Man.\
\
\'85\
}